There are a number of trends that can be gleaned from the data, but at a high overview three large trends stand out:

1) The correlation between gender and average purchase value.
2) The correlation between age and average purchase value.
3) The overall bellcurve nature of the playerbase profile.

1) Gender and Average Purchase Value

The gender breakdown of Heroes roughly matches a common demographic in the gaming industry where most of the players are male.
This is not uncommon and a presumable RPG like Heroes would fit the standard industry profile. However, what is interesting
about this data is that males, though they comprised 84.03% of the player base, they ranked last in average total purchase
per person. The average purchase price was $3.05. The male average purchase price was $3.02. However, the other/non-disclosed
and Female demographics were approximately 50% above the total average purchase price at $4.47 and $4.56. There are a number of hyotheses
that could test why this is the case. But a plausible conjecture is that in the non-male demographics, those who do play this type of 
game are more invested which correlates to putting more money into the game, whereas there may be more casual players in the male demographic
who will only prefer free-to-play (f2p) options and not what is commonly called pay-to-win (p2w) monetization strategies. 

Also, it is an interesting time to be doing game analysis as Twitch and the esports industry are enduring a wave of sexual allegations
and a #metoo movement from female streamers and professionals who have been harrassed. The overwhelmingly male-focused nature of the
industry has often created an environment hostile or unfavorable to women. Many women are in positions of economic and professional
vulnerability because of the power dynamics that can be created by this demographic skew. Thus women and non-disclosed genders who are in gaming
may be more interested in gaming than the average player. This is just a conjecture, but further insight could be developed to look at the different profiles
and levels of committment of gamers by gender.

2) The Correlation between Age and Average Purchase Value.

The Average Purchase Value correlates to predictable patterns of human behavior. The Total Purchase Value roughly correlates to the steep
bell-curve distribution of the overall player base. However, the only four age brackets to go above $4.00 per person were the <10, 20-24, and then
30-39 age group. There may be several reasons for this. A big possibility is that income generally increases with age as people get more education,
training, and experience. Thus they have more discretionary income to spend and sometimes less time to devote to leisure activities. Thus someone
with more money and less time would be more incentivize to pay for items in a game (p2w) as opposed to grinding out items (f2p).  Thus it makes
sense that the entire decade of the 30s has an average purchase price. The 40+ bracket is so small with only 12 players, that it is hard to
extrapolate the data beyond that range.

The other two over $4.00 segments are the <10 group and then the 20-24 bracket. Both of these make sense. The <10 is so high presumably from
parents willing to pay to help their young child be competitive or enjoy the game. And then the 20-24 is the main demographic of the game and if
engagement equates to more money expenditure it would make sense why this brakcet also has a higher average purchase price.

Thus in summary, the data seems to reflect common behavioral and age tendencies of people in general. But this insight could be used to optimize
items and monetization strategies in the game by understanding more deeply the behaviors and interests of the player base.

3)The Distribution of the Playerbase 

Finally, I did a quick histogram of many of the datasets and in almost all demographic categories the overall profile of the playerbase is marked
by a steep bellcurve. Over half of the players are in their twenties and the tails of the curve fall off rapidly. The right-tail of the distribution
is a bit more elongated than the left. Almost 77% of the playerbase falls between 15 and 29. The starkness of the gender gap, as discussed above,
also shows the narrow range of the average player profile. As just one example, the age and gender of the top 5 spenders are:

#1 Male, 25
#2 Male, 24
#3 Female, 22
#4 Male, 21
#5 Male, 20

This fits the overall population and gender distribution of the dataset. Customer profiles are extremely valuable and profitable for companies.
It seems that this game is tailored to a very narrow late-teen and twenties type of gamer. Engagement, and monetary committment generally follow
this same pattern and are useful for understanding what content and marketing schemes reach this demographic effectively. 
